# EXIST-2024-LLM
EXIST-2024 is the fourth edition of the Sexism identification in social networks tasks at CLEF 2024. I participated in task 1, 2 and 3 of Exist 2024. 
* The first task was a binary classification task. By training our model on the dataset, the system had to decide whether or not a given tweet contains sexist expressions or behaviours (i.e., it is sexist itself, describes a sexist situation or criticizes a sexist behaviour).
* Once a message had been classified as sexist, the second task aimed to categorize the message according to the intention of the author, which provides insights in the role played by social networks on the emission and dissemination of sexist messages. In this task, we proposed a ternary classification task: which is a tweet can either be classified as direct(the intention was to write a message that is sexist by itself or incites to be sexist), reported(the intention is to report and share a sexist situation suffered by a woman or women in first or third person) or judgemental( the intention was to judge, since the tweet describes sexist situations or behaviours with the aim of condemning them).
* Many facets of a woman’s life may be the focus of sexist attitudes including domestic and parenting roles, career opportunities, sexual image, and life expectations, to name a few. Automatically detecting which of these facets of women are being more frequently attacked in social networks will facilitate the development of policies to fight against sexism. According to this, each sexist tweet must be categorized in one or more of the following categories which is IDEOLOGICAL AND INEQUALITY, STEREOTYPING AND DOMINANCE, OBJECTIFICATION, SEXUAL VIOLENCE, and MISOGYNY AND NON-SEXUAL VIOLENCE.
* Moreover the dataset that we worked on was spanish and english tweets. 
